you got love Creek fishing freakin bald
eagle up there as awesome guys we're now
at the creek and I'm telling you
somebody's going
you got love Creek fishing freakin bald
eagle up there as awesome guys we're now
at the creek and I'm telling you
somebody's gonna ride maybe it's just
about ready say it to someone's gonna
catch a hog let me know if you need the
net
Oh baby another 119 bear the hook 19
mark is American hood don't you know you
want this then I cotton was dead a big
hog see not only can you catch these and
then you got american eagle oh oh
where's the i get from trash magic guys
awesome stuff I was just by already say
the way this Creek looks someone's gonna
catch a hog and I guarantee you you know
what enough talking let's fish boy's
hand bros oh I love it 21 boys haven't
changed nothing white spinnerbait ah
kill them guys like it killed him is an
understatement 21 we fight then down
here an hour now definitely made the
right choice coming to the right spot
gotta love it all right guys well
unfortunately we're running out of
daylight but we ended up with 32 fish
hell of a day only thing I can tell you
guys get out there getting the creeks
will see you guys on next one will see
you in the creek
you guys can see we're sitting there
taking a breather just going through her
tackle box and I just picked up my pole
and just threw it out there it'll look
look look just throw it out there just
further yummy